1. Introduction

1.1. Background
Public perceptions about food risks shape personal and household behaviors and create demand for or acceptance of governmenenttal actions related to food safety (See Box 2-1). Perceptions of foodborne hazards by the public often differ from those of the scientific community. For many years, risks posed by chemicals in food have concerned the consumer more than the expert, while the reverse is true for microbial hazards (Wolf, 1992). Those disparate views seem to arise from the values, needs, and priorities that the different sectors apply as they judge the acceptability of risks. It has been suggested that the criteria used by the public to judge the acceptability of risks include such risk attributes as familiarity, choice (whether the risk is voluntary or imposed), controllability, memorability, dread, immediacy, detectability, and equity of the distribution of risks and benefits. The levels of dread and the degree to which a risk is voluntary culminate in an "outrage" factor, which has been used to predict the acceptability of a risk (Groth, 1991; NRC, 1989; Sandman, 1987; Scherer, 1991; Slovic, 1986, 1987; Slovic et al., 1979).
Cultural factors also play a role in public responses to food safety issues. Public acceptance of a risk and demands for protection have been described as related to values and views associated with such things as freedom of choice, government regulation, understanding of technology, credibility of science, preference for homemade or natural foods, and attribution of risks to fate (Dale and Wildavsky, 1991; Douglas, 1985; Douglas and Wildavsky, 1982; Fitchen, 1987; NRC, 1989).
1.2. Problem
A group of investors is exploring to invest and start a Food Safety consulting firm in the city of San Francisco, CA. In order to make sure the right focus is applied on the launch, marketing and hiring for the firm I have been tasked with exploring data available that could be relevant to assist in this project.
1.3 Interest
Data analysis and exploration will be used to answer the following questions and assist on the business processes described in the problem section:
• What are the most common violations in this city?
• Can neighborhoods be clustered based on violation types to ensure effective deployment of marketing and specialists/packages?
• What are the most common food venue types in the neighborhoods?
